wording	response
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	approve
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	disapprove
first: receive help	other
first: receive help	other
first: receive help	other
first: receive help	other
first: receive help	other
first: receive help	other
first: receive help	other
first: receive help	other
first: receive help	other
first: receive help	other
first: receive help	other
first: receive help	other
first: receive help	other
first: receive help	other
first: receive help	other
first: receive help	other
first: receive help	other
first: receive help	other
first: receive help	other
first: receive help	other
first: receive help	other
first: receive help	other
first: receive help	other
first: receive help	other
first: receive help	other
first: receive help	other
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	approve
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	disapprove
first: pay penalty	other
first: pay penalty	other
first: pay penalty	other
first: pay penalty	other
first: pay penalty	other
first: pay penalty	other
first: pay penalty	other
first: pay penalty	other
first: pay penalty	other
first: pay penalty	other
first: pay penalty	other
first: pay penalty	other
first: pay penalty	other
first: pay penalty	other
first: pay penalty	other
first: pay penalty	other
first: pay penalty	other
first: pay penalty	other
first: pay penalty	other
first: pay penalty	other
first: pay penalty	other
first: pay penalty	other
